To make delicious samosas at home, first, make the filling. 
Put a pan on medium flame and add 2 tsp oil in it.
 Once the oil is hot enough, add cumin seeds and allow them to crackle.
Now, add whole coriander seeds, ginger and green chilli.
 Saute for a minute and then add chopped cashews and raisins, peanuts if you like them,
  boiled and mashed potatoes, cumin powder, coriander powder, garam masala powder, red chilli powder,
   salt to taste, kasoori methi leaves, coriander leaves. 
Mix well and saute for 2 minutes. Your stuffing is ready!
Now, to prepare the dough, take a mixing bowl and combine all-purpose flour along with carom seeds and salt.
 Mix and then add ghee and start kneading by adding a little water at a time. 
 Ensure that you add water gradually and make a firm dough. A soft dough will not make your samosas crispy.
 Cover the dough with a damp muslin cloth and keep aside for about half an hour
Once done, roll out few small-sized balls from the dough. 
Flatten them further with the help of your palms and then with a rolling pin. Give them a round shape and cut in half.
 Now dip your hands in water, fold the edges of the semi-circle in order to give it a cone shape.
Take the filling with the help of a spoon and stuff it in the cone. 
Seal the ends properly by pressing the edges lightly with your fingers. 
Then, heat oil in a pan and deep fry the samosas on low heat until they turn golden brown and crispy. 
Serve with tomato ketchup and green chutney. Enjoy it as a tea-time snack!
To make samosas cripsy, make sure you knead a tight or stiff dough as the soft dough will not yield best results.
Before kneading the dough, keep it in mind that you do not need to overwork it and mix the oil with flour at least 5-6 times. 
This will ensure you have crispy samosas.
You should keep aside the dough for at least 40-60 minutes for best results.
While rolling the dough ball, keep it thin and do not use any flour in it. You can use a little oil to roll the ball evenly.
Always fry the samosas on low flame irrespective of how much time it is taking to fry. 
This will also ensure that your samosas are blisters free and cooked from inside.


   


           thene your samosa is ready